[♪♪♪]
Master.
Oh...
It is almost 3:00
in the morning.
You must get some sleep.
Well, I have to finish
these reports, Jeannie.
Oh, very well then.
I will stay here
and keep you company.
[YAWNS]
Oh, look, master.
There is a new movie
about Cleopatra
opening at the
Rialto tomorrow.
May we go?
Oh, I'm sorry, Jeannie.
I'm getting ready for
an Apollo Earth Orbit flight,
and I'm afraid
I can't take you.
Why don't you
go alone, hm?
Oh, no, master.
I will wait
until you are free.
Hm. I love stories
about kings and queens.
They are so exciting.
Mm-- Yes, sure.
[YAWNS]
I wish you would go
to bed.
No, it's all right,
I'm just gonna--
Just gonna rest my eyes here
for a minute.
Oh...
[♪♪♪]
Aw...
Hi, Doug. Mike.
Roge.
Hi, how you doing today?
There you are.
Well, it'll never
get off the ground.
Hiya, Roge.
You take your physical?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
How'd you do?
Great, great.
Say, uh, Dr. Bellows
wants to see you.
Yeah? What for?
I don't know.
He just said he wanted you
to drop by his office.
Did you take
your examination yesterday?
Yeah.
How'd you make out?
Oh, all right, I guess.
Well, all I know is,
he wants you to drop by.
I guess I better
get cleaned up, huh?
Yeah.
[♪♪♪]
[KNOCKING]
Come in.
Good morning,
Dr. Bellows.
Good morning, major.
[EXHALES]
Nothing like isometric exercises
for keeping up body tone.
[LAUGHING]
Oh, yes, of course.
Major Healey said
you wanted to see me, sir.
Oh, yes, uh...
Sit down, Major Nelson.
You were scheduled
to go on
the Apollo Earth Orbit
Mission this week.
Yes, sir. I've been working
on Project Rainbow, and-
Did you say--?
Did you say "were scheduled"?
I'm afraid you're
not gonna be able to go.
But I've been training
for six months.
I'm aware of that.
Perhaps you've been
overtraining, major.
Well, is there anything wrong
with my reflexes--
Oh, no.
It's not your reflexes.
It's your eyes.
My eyes?
Your right eye, specifically.
Uh, you're suffering
from eye strain.
Have you been doing
an unusual amount of, uh,
reading or paperwork lately?
Well, uh, just the usual reports
regarding the mission,
but I'm sure any eye strain
is just temporary.
I'm sure it is,
major, but, uh...
Meanwhile, you're grounded.
Sir, you can't ground me,
I'm-- I'm--
I'm sorry, major.
I understand
your disappointment,
but as chief medical officer,
it's my responsibility
to evaluate the fitness
of all personnel.
You failed the eye test.
However, I'm gonna give you
another eye examination
in the morning,
so that we can determine
the best course of treatment.
I see, well, that's--
That's very kind.
Afterward, um, why don't
you take a month off
and, uh, go fishing
somewhere, hm?
Well, thank you, sir.
I hope you don't mind
if I appeal this
to General Peterson.
Mm, no.
And I've never felt better
in my life, general.
Now, Dr. Bellows will tell you
that with the exception
of this slight eye strain
in my right eye,
I'm in perfect health.
Yesterday, I passed my physical.
I checked out 100 percent.
I don't believe
there's anybody on the base
that knows more about
Project Rainbow than I do.
And, well, after all,
we're not gonna
be reading eye charts
up there, are we?
So if you would give me
the green light,
I can go ahead
with my preflight briefing.
I'm sorry to go over your head
on this, Dr. Bellows,
but General Peterson
understands a little bit more
about these kind of things
than you do.
Isn't that right, sir?
That's right, Tony.
You're grounded.
[♪♪♪]
It's not fair, Roger.
It's just not fair.
They give me so much paperwork,
I can't see straight.
And then when I can't
see straight, they--
They don't let me go up
on the mission.
Look, I know it's rough, Tony.
But if they grounded you,
it's for your own good.
It'll give you a chance
to rest and relax your eyes.
There's absolutely nothing
wrong with my eyes.
You know what I missed?
Two lousy, little letters
on the bottom of the line.
The way they're carrying on,
you'd think I was going blind.
Will you calm down?
How can I calm down when
somebody's taking my place?
[♪♪♪]
Here.
Two letters, gee, that--
That's too bad.
Wait a minute. Wait a minute!
Could you get Dr. Bellows
to give you that test again?
He's giving me a check
in the morning,
but what's the point?
The point is,
tomorrow you can pass it.
How?
How? Jeannie!
Jeannie?
Beverley.
Huh?
Oh, I'm sorry.
No, forget it.
Just forget it.
Now, listen, the last time
she tried to help me,
I almost got court-martialed.
Yeah--
No, no, forget it.
The space program
and Jeannie just don't mix.
Yeah, but if a genie--
What's a genie for if she can't
help when you're in trouble?
Yeah, well, that's
what I used to think, Roger.
But it doesn't
work out that way.
Every time she tries to help me,
I'm in real trouble.
I mean  real trouble.
Now, don't mention this
to her, and I mean it.
Yeah, but--
I mean, promise.
All right.
Well, I still think you're
not seeing this too clearly.
Not seeing--
Not seeing this too clearly.
[CHUCKLING]
That's a joke.
Well, I'll--
I'll see you later.
[♪♪♪]
TONY:
Hello, Jeannie.
Oh, hello, master.
You're home early.
Yes, yes.
Is something wrong?
No, no, no,
everything's fine.
Just, just fine.
Matter of fact,
I have a surprise for you.
I'm gonna take you
out to dinner tonight,
and then I thought
we'd go to that--
That movie you wanted to go to.
The thing about Cleopatra.
Oh, master!
What about your mission?
Oh, they, uh--
They cancelled that.
Oh, why did
they cancel it?
Mm, technical difficulties,
you know.
Is that all?
Tell me what is wrong
and I will take care of it.
Uh, no, no,
just forget it.
Oh, but master, I know how much
this mission means to you.
You've been working
on it for months.
We will go to the movies
some other time.
No, no, really, really.
I don't need
any help, Jeannie.
Uh, we're gonna go to the movies
tonight and then you can--
You can think
about what we're gonna do
for the next four weeks.
The next four weeks?
Mm-hm.
Yeah, yeah, they've
given me a vacation.
Isn't that wonderful?
[♪♪♪]
Major Healey.
Jeannie, Jeannie, Jeannie,
I wish you wouldn't do that.
Oh, I am sorry,
Major Healey.
But I came here
because I am worried.
You're worried?
You wanna feel a tom-tom?
Something has upset
Major Nelson.
Who told you that?
Oh, no one told me,
but I was not born
yesterday, Major Healey.
I'll say.
He is not going on his mission,
and he will not talk about it.
Well, if he's not gonna
talk about it, I'm not.
Aw, so there
is something wrong?
I didn't say that!
Now, look, you be a nice, little
genie and just run on home,
and we can talk about this
some other time, right?
But--
Now, any time you want--
Major Healey, why are they
giving Major Nelson
four-weeks vacation?
Well, why not?
Please, tell me.
I'm sorry,
my lips are sealed.
Major Healey...
Forget it!
I promised Tony
I wouldn't tell you--
He has bad eyes!
[GROANING]
Oh, boy, you certainly
know how to scare a guy.
Major Nelson has beautiful eyes.
Yeah, well to you, maybe,
but he failed his eye test
and he's being grounded.
No wonder he was so unhappy.
Well, why did he not tell me?
Maybe it's because
you didn't set him on fire.
He did not
wish to worry me.
I don't think
that's the reason.
Jeannie, if I were you,
I'd just stay out of this.
Oh, well, of course
I will not stay out of it,
but he is my master.
I love helping him.
Well, I don't think
he loves being helped.
And, Jeannie,
will you do me a favor?
What?
Don't tell him I told you.
I'm getting too old
to make new friends.
Certainly, well,
I will say nothing.
Well, uh--
Thank you, Major Healey.
Drop in any time.
Bye-bye.
Bring your own matches.
[♪♪♪]
[CLEARS THROAT]
Oh, hi, Jeannie.
How are--?
Where have you been?
Oh, I just went out
to get a breath of fresh air.
Oh?
I worry about you
when you're--
When you're not around.
Oh, do you, master?
Hm.
Yeah, well, I know
it's silly, but I mean,
what can happen to a genie?
Nothing, as long
as her master is happy.
Are you happy, master?
Oh, yes, yes, I'm very happy.
Oh, I feel just wonderful.
I-- I'll tell you what.
Why don't you go
and get ready,
and we'll get
the early show tonight?
I'm due
at Dr. Bellows' office
for a little examination
tomorrow morning, huh?
Oh, do not worry.
I'm sure everything
will be just fine.
[CHUCKLING]
Oh, sure, sure.
[♪♪♪]
Have a wonderful day, master.
Thank you, Jeannie.
I won't be gone long.
Um, what would you
like to do today?
Go to another movie?
Oh, well, no, master.
Too many movies
are bad for my eyes.
Oh, well, um, what do you say
I pick you up,
we'll go down to the beach.
How would you like that?
Oh, well, that--
That would be wonderful,
but, uh, what about your work?
Oh, they'll find
somebody else to do that.
He has beautiful eyes.
He can see better
than anybody else in the world.
[♪♪♪]
[TIRES SCREECH]
"P-L-D-P-B-T-L-D-P-B-L."
Aw, good morning,
Major Nelson.
Oh, good morning,
Dr. Bellows.
Roll up your sleeve,
please.
Oh, all right, sir.
How are we feeling
this morning?
Well, we're feeling
just fine.
Uh, did you know
my vision cleared up?
Has it?
Yeah.
Why, that's remarkable.
Yeah, the eye strain
just went away like that.
Did it?
Mm.
Yeah, I, uh, got a good night's
sleep last night.
It's amazing what a good night's
sleep will do for you.
You know, I-I was really
worried for a while
I wasn't gonna be able
to make Project Rainbow.
And, uh, now,
you're not worrying?
[CHUCKLING]
No. No, sir.
I'm not worried at all.
I think you'll find
I have 20-20 vision.
Hm, good.
Blood pressure normal.
I think you'll find
everything normal, sir.
Nothing to worry about.
Mm. All right, major.
Shall we, uh, read
the eye chart again?
Yes, sir.
[♪♪♪]
BELLOWS:
Sit down, major.
TONY:
Yes.
Would you like me to start
at the top or the bottom?
Why don't you start
at the bottom.
We'll try a different chart.
Oh, uh, excuse me
a minute, major.
Uh, I'll be right back.
Oh, Miss Gordon.
Will you get Major Nelson's file
and bring it in here, please?
Of course, Dr. Bellows.
Where is it?
[STAMMERING]
"Q-P-O--" No.
"O-P-Q-- O-P."
What is it?
"O-P... O-P--"
[MAGIC BOINGS]
Fine, I'll get it
right away.
Thank you.
All right, major.
Shall we start?
[♪♪♪]
TONY:
Uh, don't you think
you should wear a robe, sir?
A robe? What for?
Well, aren't you afraid
you'll catch cold?
[GIGGLING]
Why would I be afraid
of catching cold?
Oh-- Ahem.
I don't know.
There's no reason, really.
Oh, come in.
BELLOWS:
Thank you, Miss Gordon.
Will there
be anything else, doctor?
No, that will be fine.
Doctor, if you'd like me
to wait, I'd--
Of course
I don't want you to wait.
You're gonna read
that eye chart again.
Yeah?
Nice seeing you again,
major.
Oh, well, it's certainly
been nice seeing you.
Now, major, shall we go on?
Sir, should she, uh--?
Should she walk around
like that?
Walk around like what?
Well, you saw her.
She was wearing, you know,
her underthings.
Well, I should hope so.
Hope so?
Major Nelson, can we get on
with the examination?
Yes, oh, yes, yes.
Would you read the bottom line
of the chart, please?
Uh, "P-R-I-
V-A-T-E."
[♪♪♪]
Major, I'm afraid
your eyes are worse.
You didn't get
a single letter right.
Are you joking, sir?
I can see it right there.
But it doesn't say "P-R-I-V--"
That spells "private."
Yes, sir.
It's on a door to a room,
and there's a--
There's a conference
going on in the room.
I can see through the wall.
Did you say you could
see through the wall?
Yeah-- Did I say
I could see through the wall?
BELLOWS:
I heard you.
You said you could see
through the walls into the room
and that there
was a conference going on.
Is that
what you said, major?
Yes.
Yes, maybe that's why you're
in your underwear.
My underwear?
Yes.
You can see
through my uniform?
Yes, sir.
What color shorts
am I wearing?
Blue.
With your monogram.
Remarkable.
You have x-ray eyes.
Well, who's in that conference?
General Peterson,
uh, Mr. Harris,
Mr. Rogers
and Colonel Sackheim.
Don't go away, major.
[♪♪♪]
Jea--
Jeannie! Jeannie.
How is it going, master?
Oh, I'll tell you
how it's going.
You should ask. It's gone.
I'm-- I'm finished.
Washed up.
Oh, but I was only
trying to help you, master.
Yeah, I-- Don't say it.
Just please don't say it.
Who told you
about my eyes anyway?
I promised Major Healey
that I would not tell.
I'll kill him.
I swear, I'll--
Well, I thought
that if you had x-ray eyes,
they would let you
go on your mission.
Mission?
They won't let me
outside of this room.
[♪♪♪]
The problem could be--
General Peterson, Mr. Harris,
Mr. Rogers and Colonel Sackheim.
Dr. Bellows.
He was right.
Do you realize we're in the
middle of a private conference?
Uh, yes, sir.
That's why I came in.
Uh, Major Nelson saw it
from the examination room.
Dr. Bellows, I said we're in the
middle of a private conference.
Uh, uh, general, may I see you
for a moment, please?
Oh, uh,
excuse us, gentlemen.
Major Nelson...
has x-ray eyes.
He has x-ray eyes.
Yes, sir.
Uh, he saw you
through the walls.
Gentlemen, if you'll excuse me
for a moment, there's, uh,
something I have
to take care of.
General, this time
you're in for a big surprise.
All right, doctor.
Jeannie,
if you'd stayed out of this,
I would have had a chance.
Now, will you please
stop helping me.
I will do anything you ask.
All right, then change my eyes
back the way they were.
I-I am not sure
I can do that.
What do you mean
you're not sure?
Well, I have never
done this before.
Uh, must they be  exactly
the way they were?
Exactly?
My-- My mission was scrubbed
because I missed two little
letters on that chart.
Just two!
Yes, they must be exactly.
I-I will try, master.
[MAGIC BOINGS]
JEANNIE:
How is that?
Huh?
What do you mean?
Oh, uh, Dr. Bellows?
Dr. Bellows, I-I--
General Peterson, sir.
That's the man
with the x-ray eyes?
Just wait, general.
It's remarkable.
Uh, major.
Read the chart.
The chart?
Oh, the chart. Yes.
The chart.
[SMASHING, WATER SPILLING]
Are you through, doctor?
General, I tell you, this man
can see through the walls.
Why, he can even see me
in my underwear.
My father begged me
to go into banking,
and I wouldn't listen to him.
Major.
Yes?
Tell him, uh--
What am I wearing?
You're wearing, oh--
Uh, you're wearing
your blue uniform, sir.
Blue uniform.
What about
my blue shorts?
Yes, what about
your blue shorts?
Doctor, I'm going back
to my conference now.
I don't wanna
be disturbed again.
Any questions?
No, general.
Oh, I got 'em, sir.
"M-O-O-R--" Uh--
"R-N--"
Why me?
"O-I-T-A."
I've got it right here, sir.
Doctor?
Uh, doctor, don't leave me.
Doctor, please.
Oh, uh, I'm terribly sorry.
Oh, I'm very sorry, sir.
Please, let me help you.
This section over here, senator,
is our medical department.
This is where our astronauts,
uh, take their preflight
examinations.
Uh, these are some of the
offices of the men around here,
and as you can see, uh,
right over the corridor--
Excuse me.
Uh--
Who is that?
That was one
of our astronauts, sir.
And, um--
One of our astronauts?
Excuse me, sir.
Oh, coffee machine.
[SLOWLY]
"Anthony Nelson."
Tony, what happened to you?
I'll tell you
what happened to me.
I got a big mouth
for a friend, that's what--
I-I got a big mouth
for a friend.
I asked you
not to tell Jeannie.
Well, what did she do
to you?
What did she do to me?
She helped me,
that's what she did.
How are you feeling,
master?
I'll tell you
how I'm feeling,
I'm the only astronaut
in the program
that needs a Seeing Eye dog.
Oh, would you like
to have a Seeing Eye--
No!
No, I-- I want
my 20-20 vision back.
Can't you fix him up?
Well, I must say it is rather
nice to have him like this.
This way, he cannot look
at other girls.
Yeah...
Jeannie, please!
Yes, master, 20-20 vision.
[♪♪♪]
Swell.
What is she do--?
What is she doing?
I am working on
your 20-20 vision, master.
It is not easy.
Perhaps if you went
to an eye doctor?
Oh, please!
Twenty-twenty vision.
[MAGIC BOINGS]
Are you feeling better,
master?
Is that better, master?
Can you see me now, Tony?
[THUD]
Oh, master, master.
Master.
[YELPS]
[♪♪♪]
I am so excited that I am going
to play golf with you.
Yeah, uh, no,
I'm playing the golf.
You're gonna caddy,
remember?
Oh, I do not care.
As long as I am with you.
I've been good all week.
Your eyes are fine now.
Oh, yeah, I got
my 20-20 vision back.
Thank you very much.
Oh, I am just sorry that I was
not able to fix them in time
for you to go up
on your mission.
Oh, that's all right,
Jeannie.
There'll be
other missions.
I had no idea
that perfect eyes
were so important
to an astronaut.
Oh, yes, perfect vision,
perfect reflexes,
perfect hearing, perfect--
Perfect hearing?
Mm-hm.
[MAGIC BOINGS]
Now you have
perfect hearing, master.
Master, I just gave you
perfect hearing.
Master?
I just gave you
perfect hearing.
Master?
Oh, no. Oh.
Jeannie, you're kidding.
Oh, I did it again.
You've gotta be kidding.
Oh!
Jeannie.
[♪♪♪]